hey welcome to the old computer Museum
Channel and this is a counter 64 game
called Wheel of Fortune and so this is
the computer side of the TV game shop is
still going out today the very popular
game shows on television this is a game
that was made by shared data Inc and it
was released in 1987 this of course is
the counter 64 version and
the only person from share deal and I go
of other Dan counter sixty-four is that
it was also available in Dulles and
that's about it I don't know if any
other platform except the Commodore 64
in das where it actually was released
and so it's 1987 what's fun about this
game is that you can play up to three
players so it's fun with you have some
friends over you can actually play
together if not you play against a
computer and you simply enter the name
of every contestant and if you're
playing against a computer then computer
has some player leaves it's a fun game
it's really pretty true to the original
game on TV one word of caution if you
play with a computer you know back then
computer intelligence artificial
intelligence by computers was not really
evolved so basically you play against a
computer that just goes pretty much
randomly and choosing letters when it's
is turn to spin and to choose a letter
and a phrase but when too many letters
are actually there the computer will
pretty fast you know it's not going to
take a long time before the computer
finds the answer
old friends so you still have you know a
good a good level of gameplay I would
say even with the computer but of course
it's much more fun to play this game
with friends so I remember when I was
young you know my sister and my mother
they always wanted to play this game and
so it was still fun because we play wit
dem all the basic rules of the real game
are there and the game plane graphics
the way it's done is pretty nice and
actually it's very very very Wheel of
Fortune type so this is the counter 64
version of Wheel of Fortune I give this
game and your score of seven point five
out of ten good game play nice
game play of a TV show on a Commodore 64
so I think that anyone that enjoys game
play and enjoys this game actually even
though the graphics are a little
outdated because you know there are
versions now for iPad and iPhone and
stuff like that which have much better
graphics and almost real-life characters
still it's still I believe one of the
fun games because the database of
phrases I mean I played a lot with my
family when I was young on this game
I've never actually seen the same phrase
points I never never never seen so I
don't know how many phrases they've put
in this game but it's really really
amazing at the fact that I've never
never actually seen the same phrase
twice
and so this is wheel of fortune for the
Commodore 64 came out in 1987 it was
made by shared data if you enjoy these
look backs at old games consoles and
emulation click the subscribe button on
top of the screen
maybe you've played this game you have
your own comments you hate it you love
it hey let us know what you think and
maybe you've played it also and we're
gonna share some memories about it it's
always fun to have these little stories
and take a look at other videos we have
online real machines like the Amiga 500
the Atari ST emulation like discounters
64 super nintendo sega genesis territory
6th century and much much more coming up
actually so hey keep in touch you'll see
a lot of stuff coming up so thanks for
watching hope you come back to the old
computer Museum bye bye